Professional Summary
Junior Machine Learning Engineer able to train, test and maintain existing AI/ML models . Able to perform research with
algorithms and data modeling techniques i.e NLP, computer vision. Experience in data cleaning and preprocessing, analysis
and visualization of large datasets in Python. Versed with CI/CD process, using docker for containerization.
Skills
Technical Skills
Model training, Model evaluation, hyperparameter
tuning, Data Preprocessing, Computer vision,
Reinforcement Learning,
Software Tools
Python, Tensorflow, Matplotlib, Seabor, Numpy, Pandas,
Spacy, IBM Watson Studio, Git, Github Actions, Docker,
Kubernetes
Work Experience
Junior Machine Learning Engineer -
08/2023 - Current
Freelance - Nairobi, Kenya
●
Data preparation: Used pandas and regex manipulation in python to clean and process data to ensure
handling of missing values, outliers and normalization. Transform data into suitable formats for ML models.
●
Trained and evaluated various classification models for a fraud detection system. Assisted in hyperparameter
tuning and model selection, resulting in improved prediction accuracy.
●
Utilized Matplotlib and Seaborn to uncover patterns, trends, and correlations in datasets, informing model
development and feature selection.
Projects
House prediction prices
●
A deep learning project using neural networks to train and evaluate models that can predict the price of
houses.
●
Experimented with regularization techniques - dropout and L1/L2 regularization techniques to combat
overfitting in the neural network.
●
Explored the available activation functions during training of the NN, that is the sigmoid function and ReLU
activation function.
Education
Bachelors of Degree, Mathematics and Computer Science,
3.89 GPA (Anticipated)
09/2020 - 06/2024
Kenyatta University- Nairobi, Kenya
●
Engaged in AWS Deepracer Student league for training autonomous vehicles using reinforcement learning.
Created a model using reward function and performed hyperparameter tuning for efficient learning.
●
Enrolled in IBM Data Science practitioner course in which I learnt data preparation, preprocessing and
visualization using IBM Watson Studio software. Worked on an auto insurance claims project to detect fraud
in customer claims using an ML model.
High School Diploma,
02/2016 - 11/2019
Lenana School - Nairobi, Kenya
HILLARY KIPKEMOI
Phone: (+254) 717 737 096 | Email: hillary6k@gmail.com
https://github.com/hillaryke
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hillaryke/
Address: Nairobi, Kenya - 00100

