B E Z A W I T W O N D W O S E N
PROJECT MANAGER
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia +251-923020099 Bezawitwondwosen7@gmail.com
PROFILE SUMMARY
An attentive, highly motivated, and goal driven project manager possessing strong problem solving and
reliable communication skills. Working at Tenacious where I define project scope, develop project plans,
manage project teams and budgets, communicate project status, and ensure that project deliverables meet
quality standards and client expectations. Capable of working in fast paced and demanding environments.
Contributes to organizations long term goals while possessing professional demeanor and work ethic. Keen to
leverage leadership and managerial expertise as a project manager at mission driven organizations.
SOFT SKILL HARD SKILL LANGUAGES
Strategic planning Project planning and Microsoft office SPSS Amharic Fluent
Communication G-suite Monday.com
execution
English Fluent
High level organization Stata Jira
Problem solving
Agile project Canva Designing Figma French Basic (A2)
management Meeting moderation Redash Notion
EDUCATION
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION November 2022- June 2025
Addis Ababa University
October 2018 – October 2021
BACHELOR’S DEGREE IN ECONOMICS
Addis Ababa University
December 2018- In Progress
DELF A2 LEVEL
Alliance Ethio-Françise School
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA September 2018- July 2018
Nazareth High School
CERTIFICATE
FINANICAL MARKETS (WITH HONORS) Sep 2024
Yale University
MCKINSEY FORWARD PROGRAM May 2023
McKinsey & Company
APPLIED WELFARE ANALYSIS WITH DASP TRAINING April 2022
Ethiopian Economic Association
INTRODUCTION TO E-COMMERCE March 2022
Alison
IMPACT OF ONLINE LEARNING DURING LOCKDOWN August 2020
EC-Council University by Dr. Jayati RoyCERTIFICATE IN DIGITAL MARKETING April 2020
Google Digital Garage
BADGE IN ETHICS AND INTEGRITY AT UNICEF April 2020
Agora, UNICEF
LEADERSHIP, LIFE SKILL AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH TRAINING September 2016
Young Women’s Christian Association in Ethiopia (YWCA)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Manager
Tenacious Intelligence Corporation April 2023 - Present
Defined project scope, goals, and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders.
Developed and implemented project plans, including timelines, budgets, and resource
allocation.
Led project teams, tracked progress, and ensured resources for success.
Managed project risks, issues, and changes, developing contingency plans.
Built partnerships with diverse organizations, including USAID, World Bank, and Google.
Worked closely with Project Sponsors, QUADs, and POC for effective project management.
Conducted evaluations and post-project reviews for improvement and best practices.
Stayed updated on industry trends, technologies, and project management methodologies.
Maintained strong relationships with clients and stakeholders for project success.
Coordinated with technical teams to ensure quality standards and client expectations.
Conducted regular team meetings for clear communication of project timelines and
objectives.
Developed strategy plans aligning with key industry frameworks for new and existing projects.
Identified and pursued opportunities to scale projects, collaborating with relevant
departments.
Project Intern
Renew Capital July 2022- March 2023
Developed and managed annual and quarterly project work plans and budgets.
Coordinated projects from design to construction, ensuring quality, budget adherence, and
approvals.
Collaborated with teams to refine key deliverables approaches.
Held overall project management responsibilities, presenting to internal clients and executive
management.
Executed business and transition projects within defined deadlines.
Established and enforced company-wide project management standards.
Provided regular reporting to project sponsors, management, and steering committees.
Managed resources, addressing project and business risks, and dependencies.
Led teams of external and internal resources, including dedicated shared teams.
Monitored and developed intellectual production and CRM for projects funded by various
organizations.
Reviewed and analyzed business and investment markets in African countries for portfolio
companies.
Built databases of stakeholders in the African investment and accelerators industry.
Implemented marketing strategies for portfolio companies.
Prepared regular reports on various African country sectors.
Facilitated comprehensive training for startups, SMEs, and service providers.
Organized and led team presentations and meetings.Research Intern
Ethiopian Economic Association March 2022- May 2022
Assisted with research, filing, data entry and recording and maintaining accurate and complete
financial records.
Worked with statistical software like SPSS and Stata.
Organized trainings and seminars.
Creative Director Assistant
January 2022- March 2022
Meraki Events and Planning
Worked with teams to produce modern visual layouts for clients.
Planned, created and monitored digital advertisements.
Engaged with clients daily to discuss their needs, organized team brain storming sessions
and managed a budget.
Import Export Officer Assistant
May 2021- January 2022
Yehabesha Coffee
Prepared documents and forms to move coffee efficiently through import and export steps
and procedures.
Reviewed paperwork and documents to ensure shipping, handling, storage charges, and
customs fees are billed correctly.
Performed other duties as assigned.
Small Business Owner
April 2021- January 2022
Curb Case
Planned and organized day to day operations of the business.
Met with phone case suppliers and facilitate delivery.
Responsible for digital marketing, customer service, and digital content.
Financial Analyst Intern
June 2019- July 2019
Bayable Consult
Examined information using data analysis tools to help employers make important decision
by identifying various facts and trends.
Surveyed market during the conduct of different feasibility studies.
Interpreted data into information for decision making.
Team Leader
June 2018-August 2018
Adarash Technologies
Worked in a team to plan, produce and create a digital content to be used across all digital
channels, increasing engagement with audiences and stakeholders.
Independently designed digital surveys and analyze data.
Worked as a survey analyst by conducting social research evaluations and surveys to
collect data.
Volunteer
July 2017- August 2017
Addis Ababa University (Kennedy Library)
Acquired, assisted and catalogued materials.
Volunteer
July 2016- August 2016
YWCA in Ethiopia
Prepared Lesson plan and gave tutorial class for children.