Geomatic Engineer. 
SHEILA 
MURUGI 
IRUNGU 
Phone: (+254) 746 359 406 | Email: tmurugi49@gmail.com 
Github Link & Linkedin Link: https://github.com/Sheila-Murugi, 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sheila-murugi-8b189b273/  
Address: Nairobi, Kenya. 
Professional Summary 
I am skilled Geomatic Engineer. I possess skills in data analysis through various programming languages. My 
goal is to qualify and excel in the field of Machine Learning. I am confident that I will be able to learn and 
work with emerging technologies.  
Skills 
Technical Skills 
Processing of geographical data using various 
programming and non-programming tools. 
(Python, HTML, CSS, R and JavaScript)  
 
Software Tools 
ArcGIS,  ERDAS Imagine,  Google Earth Pro, Google 
Earth Engine, Jupyter Notebook, R studio &Visual 
Studio.  
Work Experience 
GIS intern - Kenya Rural Roads Authority (KeRRA) – Nairobi, Kenya – January 2023 – March 2023 
 
Generating maps that display roads in various rural areas of the country. 
 
Identifying roads for proposed construction or upgrading by KeRRA. 
 
Attending project environmental assessment meetings. 
 
Learning about the whole process of road construction in Kenya. 
 
Geomatic Engineering intern - Kenya Airports Authority (KAA)- Nairobi, Kenya – January 2022 – 
March 2022 
 
Carrying out survey for the construction of an airstrip at Nakuru, Kenya. 
 
Paving of the existing runway and separating the military and civilian components of the 
 
airstrip. 
 
Learning about the whole process of constructing a runway and setting up an airstrip. 
Projects 
Drought Prediction Using Meteorological Data in a Support Vector Machines (SVM) model. 
 
 
The objectives of this study were; to characterize drought in Turkana, to analyze the 
temporal and spatial distribution characteristics of drought in Turkana, to develop models 
based on the SVM algorithm that predict drought over Turkana using gauge based 
meteorological data and to determine the most effective SVM model for drought prediction 
using the available meteorological data for Turkana county and validate the performance of 
the developed model.  
Education 

Bachelor of Geomatic Engineering and Geospatial Information Systems - Jomo Kenyatta University of 
Agriculture and Technology (JKUAT) - Kenya – September 2018 – June 2024  
 
Throughout my course, I processed and analyzed geographical data using programming 
languages to obtain relevant information. The data that I handled included both satellite 
data and ground station data. 

