Professional Summary
Am a Machine Learning Engineer with experience in designing and implementing machine learning models
and systems to learn from and make decisions and predictions based on data. I have worked with tools such
as Python, development environment -jupyter notebook and IDE’s, Machine Learning Libraries, data
manipulation and analysis tools and version controls.
Skills
Technical Skills
Python, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis,
data preprocessing and cleaning, data visualization, deep
learning, version control.
Software Tools
Jupyter Notebooks, scikit-learn,
Projects
Natural Language Preprocessing with Disaster Tweets Jan - Feb 2024
●
Built a machine learning model that predicts which tweets are about real disaster and which
one aren’t
●
Trained the model on a dataset of labeled tweets using NLP techniques and supervised
learning algorithm
●
Preprocessed and cleaned the row data through tokenization, stemming and removal of
stopwords.
Applied Data Science Lab at WorldQuant University May- Sept 2023
●
Determine if real estate prices are influenced more by property size or location. Built data
visualizations, and examined the relationship between two variables using correlation.
●
Built an ARMA time-series model to predict particulate matter levels in Kenya. I extract
data from a MongoDB database using pymongo, and improve model performance through
hyperparameter tuning.
●
Built a k-means model to cluster US consumers into groups. I used principal component
analysis (PCA) for data visualization, and created an interactive dashboard with Plotly Dash.
●
Created a GARCH time series model to predict asset volatility. I acquired stock data
through an API, cleaned and stored it in a SQLite database, and built their own API to
serve model predictions.
Education
Control and Instrumentation - Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology - Kenya - September
2018- December 2022
Miss.
ONTITA NYAMUSI MORAA
Phone: +254719447188
Email: nyamusiontita@gmail.com
Github Link: https://github.com/MoraaOntita
Linkedin Link:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/moraa-ontita-b16a49205/

